a. She was born in Germany.  
b. She is British and was raised in England.  
c. Her full name is Elia Stellaria, also known as Elias Delaria or Alias Delaria in lore.  
d. She has a fictional persona as "Elias the Laurier British Retriever" and a detective character based on Sherlock.  
e. She embraces the identity of a "goose" and is affectionately called a "silly goose" or "banana goose" by fans.  
f. She has a strong emotional connection to her community and aims to be a positive voice for others.  
g. She values kindness and hard work as core principles, referring to them as her "10 out of 10 plan."  
h. She associates herself with "capybara energy," reflecting her chill and relaxed demeanor.  
i. She used to work as a developer and has coding skills, which she used to create a game called *Elliott Jump*.  
j. She has a dog named Samuel, a Samoyed, who is possessive of her plushies and becomes attached to a large goose plushie when she is away.  
k. She owns multiple pets, including at least two cats and a dog, and is concerned about their safety regarding food and plants.  
l. She grew up with two cats and has many childhood videos of them.  
m. She lived in a rainforest for about three months during a "full-on feral" experience.  
n. She has a traumatic aversion to mosquitoes, leeches, and sweat bees, especially due to being anemic and fearing blood loss.  
o. She relies on strong insect repellent (up to 50% DEET) and brings it from England when traveling.  
p. She has anemia, which makes her especially vulnerable to the dangers of blood-sucking parasites.  
q. *Shrek 2* helped her get through a difficult period during her time in the jungle, and she watched it repeatedly.  
r. She owns a large collection of plushies, mostly gifts, and keeps them in her office to maintain a minimalistic home.  
s. She received a two-meter goose plushie as a gift from Chap when she opened up Throne.  
t. Her dog is jealous of her plushies and has been known to push them off the bed when she pets them.  
u. She wants to get a bigger place in the future to collect more plushies and have a proper garden for her dog.  
v. She participated in a 24-hour stream to accommodate global time zones and has streamed for up to 18–20 hours straight.  
w. She struggles with restless leg syndrome, which causes her legs to shake permanently.  
x. She has a self-admitted tendency to anthropomorphize inanimate objects and apologizes to them.  
y. She feels guilty about discarding food and believes items have a "purpose" they must fulfill.  
z. She has difficulty drawing and considers herself the "non-artist" in the family, though she enjoys painting on small canvases. [end of text]



