a. She was born in Germany.  
b. She lives in England, where she comments on the typically gray weather.  
c. She grew up in an emotionally lacking family where expressions of care or love were not common.  
d. She identifies fully with her VTuber persona, stating that Elia Stellaria and Elenoir are both different forms of herself.  
e. She has an alternate persona named Elenoir, a darker-themed form with a different voice.  
f. Her debut as a VTuber was funded by a generous supporter she refers to as "my queen."  
g. She is from England, as she references hedgehogs being native there.  
h. She grew up in England and refers to British English terms, such as calling ladybugs "ladybirds."  
i. She attended university (uni) in the past.  
j. She has severe arachnophobia and gets unsettled by pictures of spiders.  
k. She is specifically afraid of spiders with thick legs, which she calls "chunky boy spiders," but is okay with thin-legged ones.  
l. She used to keep spiders in the house as a child and wasn’t afraid of them until influenced by classmates.  
m. She grew up in an old house with a unique ceiling material that made noise when daddy long legs walked on it, which used to stress her out.  
n. She has a fear of bugs being dangerous, stemming from a jungle trip where many bugs could harm her.  
o. She previously lived in or visited a jungle environment where she encountered many dangerous insects.  
p. She formed a bond with a pet black widow spider during her time in the jungle, which she considered a friend and protector.  
q. She defended her pet spider from others who wanted to remove it, insisting it was useful and harmless to her.  
r. She took pictures and videos of her pet spider fighting other insects like a mantis and catching a cicada.  
s. She used a stick to gently move a spider’s web out of the way while doing laundry, showing care for the creature.  
t. She hand-washed clothes while in the jungle, using a personal laundry line.  
u. She has misophonia, a sensitivity to certain sounds like eating noises, which influences her content decisions.  
v. She dislikes using the phone and finds it terrifying.  
w. She is not a morning person and has difficulty waking up.  
x. She sleeps very deeply and is hard to wake up, even to loud noises or emergencies.  
y. She needs to set multiple alarms to wake up successfully.  
z. She tends to be grumpy when first waking up. [end of text]



