a. She was born in Germany.  
b. She is based in England.  
c. She used to work in tech support before becoming a VTuber.  
d. She experienced gender-based discrimination in her tech support job, where clients doubted her expertise because she was a woman.  
e. She changed her name professionally to a gender-neutral or male-sounding one to be taken more seriously at work.  
f. She escaped her previous career in tech to become a VTuber, which she contrasts humorously with her past life.  
g. She has a strong interest in art and comes from a family with an artistic background.  
h. She highly respects artistic work and wants to support artists.  
i. She was very shy and essentially mute for most of her life.  
j. She grew up with parents who encouraged brain-challenging toys like puzzles.  
k. She had a childhood experience where she planted a sunflower facing the wrong direction because it followed the sun toward the fence.  
l. She cried over her failed sunflower-growing attempt in a school contest during primary school.  
m. She has a fondness for sunflowers despite the childhood disappointment.  
n. She is interested in science and eventually became a scientist, contrary to her parents’ expectations for her to be a “lovely lady.”  
o. She identifies as a cat person and believes cats have always liked her.  
p. She finds birds intimidating and believes they don’t respond well to her, possibly due to being a cat person.  
q. She owns anime figurines and has limited space for hobbies, which prevents her from collecting LEGO sets.  
r. She enjoys collecting or building with Legos and wishes she had more space for them.  
s. She is proficient in Unity, a game development engine, and may consider learning Unreal Engine or Godot.  
t. She has experience with database architecture and SQL, indicating technical proficiency.  
u. She was diagnosed with anemia, which explained her chronic fatigue and changed her perception of being "lazy."  
v. She likes cute things, including cute skirts and frilly dresses.  
w. She enjoys playing League of Legends and specifically likes playing cute champions such as Naomi, Lulu, Saraka, and Jana.  
x. She loves pineapple on pizza and believes it should be widely loved.  
y. She has a small waist that is unusually narrow, often requiring her to alter the waist of her clothes.  
z. She knows how to do manual stitching and altering clothes but has not been taught to use a sewing machine. [end of text]



